Add BestFit algorithm to TAS (#4228)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: keps/2724-topology-aware-scheduling/README.md

  level. Kueue starts the search from the specified level, but if the PodSet
  does not fit, then it tries higher levels in the hierarchy.

> Kueue can operate in two modes when it comes to choosing the best domain if there is more than one capable of accommodating all the pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kueue packs pods on domains starting from the domains with the most free capacity. However, Kueue can operate in two modes when it comes to choosing the last domain if there is more than one capable of accommodating the remaining pods:
```

- `LargestFit` - Kueue chooses the domain that has the most resources, providing better nodes utilization
- `BestFit` - Kueue chooses the domain with the least resource that is capable of accommodating all the pods to mitigate resource fragmentation

> By default Kueue uses the `LargestFit` algorithm. To use `BestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `BestFitTAS` to `true`

Reviewer: Actually, we will want to change the default, right? I think the feature gate is just to provide the ability to restore the behavior in 0.11 when a user hits issues, but I would prefer not need to maintain two modes long term.

Author: Done

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Reviewer 2: Actually, the expected `Best` is different based on user environments.

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Author: > Additionally, could we add knob to Configuration API when we graduate this featureGate to Beta.
During alpha stage, I agree with keeping as feature gate. But after the Beta, I believe we want to improve the UX by knob in Configuration API.

I believe `BestFit` algorithm should be the default behavior and we shouldn't support `LargestFit` long term - we would like to drop the feature gate in v0.13

However, I am aware that users should be allowed to have more impact on the strategy and we need some additional knobs/API to express that. At the same time I think we should gravitate towards more sophisticated solution of some kind of scoring nodes, maybe similarly to the one in scheduler.

Having said that, I believe this is out of scope of this PR as we just wanted to quickly adjust current algorithm, and the feature gate is just for safety reasons/mitigating unpredicted issues.

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Author: > This seems to be the similar concept of the LeastAllocated and MostAllocated nodeResoucePlugin strategy.
> So, could we rename those
>
> LargestFit -> LeastAllocated
> BestFit -> MostAllocated
> Those can easily image the behavior since those are used in the kube-scheduler concept.

Thanks, will do

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Author: Changed naming

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Reviewer 2: > I believe BestFit algorithm should be the default behavior and we shouldn't support LargestFit long term - we would like to drop the feature gate in v0.13

In that case, we will not support TAS for inference like StatefulSet, Deployment, LWS?
For batch jobs, they should be allocated as packing (MostAllocated). For inference, they should be allocated as the spread (LeastAllocated), right?

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Author: I don't think users should rely on LeastAllocated mode when it comes to spreading PodSets. I believe we should address it in a separate feature that clearly exposes this possibility, as with LeastAllocated it works only for some cases

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Reviewer: I agree,support for "spreading" makes sense in the context of LWS and StatefulSet. However, we don't support it yet. The aim of the PR is to optimize the fragmentation in the context of "packing". 

When supporting "spreading" I think we will need a dedicated API rather than a transient feature gate.

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Reviewer 2: That sounds reasonable. I could imagine leveraging existing scheduling directive like `podTopologySpreadConstraints` and `podAntiAffinity`. In that case, we may need to provide label whether or not we want to spread pods like `kueue.x-k8s.io/tas-spread: true`. 

Btw, is `LeastAllocatedTAS` actually deprecated featureGate instead of alpha, right?

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Author: Oh yes, it's deprecated - I'll add a change for that

> By default Kueue uses the `BestFit` algorithm. To use `LargestFit` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LargestFitTAS` to `true`

Author: Done

> By default Kueue uses the `MostAllocated` algorithm. To use `LeastAllocated` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `LeastAllocatedTAS` to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Kueue uses the `MostAllocated` algorithm. To use `LeastAllocated` algorithm, a user needs to set the feature gate `TASLeastAllocated` to `true`
```
check other places as well

Author: Done
